Serene never thought she'd have to
prepare a meal in a makeshift
tent without a kitchen or electricity
but since Israel's war on Gaza her life
has
changed she's managed to get some
vegetables but says food is now a luxury
many can't
afford before we would include beef
chicken and turkey to make our
traditional MOBA rice dish now we have
to make do before the war we used to
have delicious meals but it's just too
expensive although cooking in these
conditions is challenging especially
during Ramadan many Palestinians like EA
say it can also help bring a sense of
normality and a taste of home if only
for a
moment Al ma is a popular and
traditional Palestinian meal everyone
loves it despite the War we'll use every
opportunity to celebrate our tradition
yes there is no beef or chicken but that
doesn't stop us we share it with our
neighbors we must share our blessings
with one
another like thousands of Palestinians
in Gaza people living in this camp and
Rafa have lost
everything and many are still trying to
make sense of how much their lives have
changed this Ramadan is different than
others last year it was full of joy and
happiness the markets were full we were
living in houses and apartments but now
this year we live in
tents even though reminders of loss and
War are unavoidable still there's a
sense of community and
resilience this Ramadan is tough because
of the lack of food we ask God to put an
end to this war to help us to go back to
our neighborhoods and our
houses this year more than others
families say cooking is about much more
than food it's a reminder of Faith
generosity tradition and ultimately of
survival K lope Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer